Keep the theme of the site as a website builder and a datascience tool (as it has DataGenie), so keep the taglines and slogans that way. keep  the entire site bilingual, Bengali and English, In case of Bengali, the font will be Siliguri hind. the default language will be English. Make a .env file and keep the api key on that .env file. In the hero section, along with Get Started Free and 
Chat with CodeCraft buttons keep the "Try DataGenie" button as well with the same style. keep a settings page and connect it with the navigation bar. the items on navbar will be in a hamburger menu in the phone UI. In the settings, there will be theme changing toggle, language changing toggle. keep a blog section where articles about coding and stuff will be there. also keep another page of "About" where the details of CodeCraft and the developer Mahatir Ahmed Tusher will be there (take it from the pasted text). Keep the about page hyperlinked with the navbar and in the footer. keep the settings option in the footer as well. make sure whatever changes are made in settings it gets applied all over the site. Make the hero section glowy, animation like, modern.

Finally make sure the generated code by CodeCraft renders the previews properly. Revise the entire code and make sure it does. give your maximum effort, highest effort to make it possible. pour all of your resources to make it possible. Ensure generated code by CodeCraft runs in a browser-based environment (eg. WebContainer or iframe sandbox). Automatically execute npm install, npm run dev, detect render-ready state, and surface any build/runtime errors client-side

At last if I wanna run this CodeCraft site locally using my Laptops Vscode (windows 11, 62 bit device), do tell me what should I do, what should be the procedures, commands and everything, if possible write these things in a ReadME.md file mentioning if I wanna enhance and work on the activity of codecrafts website builder feature or work on the preview, in which codes do I need to work more (for e.g. client/src/pages/chat.tsx, server/index.ts etc). Write what have been done in this web app in details in the Readme.md file. 